apps/wa-qr-cloud-ui/DEPLOY.md, before:

# Deploy WhatsApp QR UI to Streamlit Cloud

This app talks **only** to the GNI API over HTTPS. Users log in with email/password (JWT); no WA tokens are stored in Streamlit.

## Required: GNI_API_BASE_URL

- **Repository:** Your GNI-BOT repo (e.g. `https://github.com/your-org/GNI-BOT`)
- **Branch:** `main` (or your default)
- **Root directory:** `apps/wa-qr-cloud-ui`
- **Main file path:** `app.py`

### Streamlit Cloud settings

1. [Streamlit Community Cloud](https://share.streamlit.io/) → your app → **Settings**.
2. **General:** set **Root directory** to `apps/wa-qr-cloud-ui`, **Main file path** to `app.py`.
3. **Secrets** (or Environment variables): set **only**:

```toml
GNI_API_BASE_URL = "https://your-api.example.com"
```

Use your VM's public URL and port (e.g. `https://api.yourdomain.com` or `https://YOUR_IP:8000`). No trailing slash. The API must be reachable from Streamlit Cloud over HTTPS.

4. **Save** and **Reboot** the app.

Users log in with their **API user** email/password (created via `/auth/register` or your seed script). JWT is kept in `session_state`; they see only their own QR and status.

## Optional

- **SEED_CLIENT_EMAIL** / **SEED_CLIENT_PASSWORD**: legacy in-app fallback if API login fails (not required for normal JWT flow).
- **API_KEY** or **ADMIN_API_KEY**: for Monitoring/Posts if your API uses `X-API-Key`.
- **AUTO_REFRESH_SECONDS**: polling interval for QR/status (default 3).

Do **not** set `WA_QR_BRIDGE_TOKEN` for this app; authentication is JWT-only.

Commit message:

Streamlit: premium UI - sidebar, login card, WhatsApp logo, status card

apps/wa-qr-cloud-ui/DEPLOY.md, after:

# Deploy to Streamlit Cloud (fix "Missing configuration")

## 1. Push your code (if needed)

If your app at **automatewa.streamlit.app** is connected to a repo that doesn’t have this folder yet:

- Push this folder (`wa-qr-cloud-ui`) to that repo.
- In Streamlit Cloud: **Settings → General → Root directory** = path to this app (e.g. `apps/wa-qr-cloud-ui`). **Main file path:** `app.py`.
- Click **Reboot app** after saving.

## 2. Add secrets (fix the red banner)

1. Open **[Streamlit Community Cloud](https://share.streamlit.io/)** and sign in.
2. Open your app (**automatewa**).
3. Go to **Settings → Secrets**.
4. Paste the block below and **replace the placeholders** with your real values:

```toml
GNI_API_BASE_URL = "https://your-api.example.com"
WA_QR_BRIDGE_TOKEN = "your_long_random_bridge_token"
SEED_CLIENT_EMAIL = "admin@yourcompany.com"
SEED_CLIENT_PASSWORD = "your_secure_password"
SEED_CLIENT_ROLE = "client"
```

5. Click **Save**. The app will reload; the "Missing configuration" error should disappear.
6. Log in with `SEED_CLIENT_EMAIL` and `SEED_CLIENT_PASSWORD`.

## 3. Optional

- **API key:** If your backend uses `X-API-Key` for Monitoring/Posts, add in Secrets:  
  `API_KEY = "your-api-key"`
- **Root directory:** If the repo root is not this app, set **Root directory** to e.g. `apps/wa-qr-cloud-ui`.

After saving secrets, always **refresh the app** or use **Reboot app** in Settings.
